do you think it's morally justifiable to
produce a drama
which is partially based on truth and
real life events
when the subjects are unable to defend
themselves
about any possible misinterpretations
now what are you throwing there too cal
are you afraid to the crown the series
the crown about the royal family
i am indeed yes you are um yes
uh fraser have you been watching it it's
been going for several series now what's
your view on what caroline's asked
i'm midway through series four and i
have to say you see what's happened this
time they're kind of flipping the
characters
they started off being pretty
sympathetic you liked them all in the
first three series and now they all seem
mean snobbish hard-hearted um
but i have to say you do realize at the
end of the day you're just watching some
telly
you're watching it because it's
beautifully shot it's mesmerizing you
can't wait for the next episode and i
don't really see it as a documentary
i do feel a wee bit sorry for the queen
and
being portrayed right now in in the not
as being far more hard-hearted than i
suspect she is
but then again it's a story these guys
are telling a story they're using some
of the most incredible
raw material and they're telling which
is in many ways our country's story and
perhaps the problem with the crown
is that it's simply too good it's so
engrossing that you watch
um the first few series and it's like
you're just watching history as it
happens in front of you that's how
realistic they make it so i can see for
that reason when they start to
and put mean things in the mouths of the
royals
it you almost start to believe that it
actually happened but then again
you can switch it off make a cup of tea
and remember it's just a telly i mean
that's the problem with it
isn't it rose in that i mean if if you
want to call it a problem but
it's drama and there are fictitious
elements to it because it is a drama
people may watching like phrases and
thinking
which is going on and some people may
not recognize the fiction from the fact
with my hands on my heart i can tell you
i have never seen an
episode of it i've got the real thing
and and actually her majesty is simply
amazing no intention of watching
watching it ian i you know i
have to agree that it is drama and if
people enjoy watching it then
then so be it but it's about people who
are around now who
can't really answer back well yes but at
the end of the day is drama and i think
everybody should see it as that i mean i
again i have to say i find myself
agreeing with with rose we we all know
the queen and we know
what she is i haven't seen it either i
have to say i still catching up with the
west wing never been
getting onto the to the crown yet but
people have got that ability to switch
this thing off
of course those making television
programs from people are still
with us in particular they have to be
respectful but it is television it is
drama and it
should be seen for for what it is just
exactly that it's entertainment
and do you feel you'd feel like that
james if it was you featuring in a in a
drama
oh there was a drama made about me that
i think i would be uh
if someone if someone's foolish enough
to make a drama about me and expect
anyone to watch it then that's a
different thing but i think rose is
absolutely spot on i mean she's in a
wonderful position where she gets she
gets the real thing so
you know why why why make do with the uh
why make do with the uh
the synthetic when you've got the uh
when you've got the full monty as it
were
you're in a drama james it's the uk
government
i have to admit that this socialist has
watched every single one
of the uh of the crown um so is it
morally justifiable
to produce a drama that's caroline's
question when they can't defend
themselves
fraser is right i think the first three
series were much more comfortable
watching
than the last one which is full of
anguish and and
the most terrible things happened you
know we know objectively speaking the
most terrible things have happened
recently
um you know in the middle of diana and
charles's marriage and the anguish that
these that this couple had
but of course the problem is the poor
boys
who william and harry who this is a
drama about their parents
and actually we perhaps should be
thinking about that
and uh and not be sort of in
and not be perhaps you know just think
of them as i appreciate this rock but
this is
but these are real people who are now
alive and who have
themselves suffered as a result of these
breakup of their parents marriage
being done so publicly but that's not
enough to stop you watching it but i
have watched
so there we are
you